# CM1705-Assessment-Component-2
Question 1:
Why is a Version Control System useful when developing software both as an individual developer and as part of a development team?

Version control are systems that allows a single developer or a team of developers to track, manage and change their software code. Version control has been around for many years having been created in the early 1970s. Since then version control has profoundly improved with the help of technology advancements. 

Version control enables teams to work harder and smarter because as many users can work on the code at the same time. This is managed by creating branches. A user is able to make a copy of the existing program and make their changes without effecting the main document. For example, one member of the team can be fixing a bug on their branch whilst another member of the team can be making progress with the program. This means both parties are not interrupted and if they change the code and make a mistake it does not matter. It also allows teams to work together by helping preventing conflicting work. Once a member has tested their code they can create a pull request which lets other members of the team know your changes and through approval it can be added to the main document. If any mistakes are made in the process of any changes or newly written code, the good thing about GitHub is it keeps track of every modification and therefore the user can revert back to a previous version of the document if they want to. This also helps pinpointing where bugs have occurred in the code. 

At Marex we do not use any version control software as we are not a program developer company. However, we do create documents which contain a huge amount of content. Most of the documents we create, more than one person will be add or edit it. We use version control on our server. This allows us to track how many versions of the document is created, what document is the latest and who has created the document. Our procedure process is at the end of the document name we add our initials and what numbered version of the document it is. For example, if it was a new document I would {KH.001} at the end of the document name. If there was a document which had 7 versions already and i wanted to edit it or add to the existing document, I would create a copy and add {KH.008} at the end. 
